I'm pooped, woman.
Hit me once every ten seconds
or I kill the boy.
Honestly, I thought I was done for
when she said that,
but Lu's doing pretty good.
Aw, no.
Oh, lucky me.
But I'm begging you,
please take the fight more seriously!
My turn!
Lu!
Guess the fun's over.
But you're better than I--
No way.
Shin, your voice cracked
when you said "Lu"!
Is she a happy drunk after all?
Oh, no.
Marvelous…
Give me more. Try to kill me.
Huh?
I don't kill, lady.
It's against our family rule.
Lu…
Family rule? What are you talking about?
Promises we keep as a family!
Shin, Mr. Manager, Ms. Aoi, Hana,
they're all my precious family!
Huh?
The Sakamotos are a family of three.
Are you stupid?
Stupid?
I learned how to run a cash register
right after coming to Japan.
Even Hana has her eye on me
for the next shift leader.
And you have the nerve…
to call me stupid, you bitch?
No, she's an angry drunk!
Where's this power coming from?
Damn--
What?
What was I doing?
Who's this lady?
Oh, Shin.
Whatcha doing?
Where are we?
She sobered up all of a sudden!
Are you trying to let me off easy?
You've got some nerve!
I can't remember the last time anyone's…
Shit!
…pushed me this far.
I absolutely love strong rivals!
You really gave me chills!
-Come on, let's do one more round! Please?
-Are we… off the hook?
Hey, stop it!
10g of potassium perchlorate.
SOURCE OF STRENGTH
4.8g of ammonium nitrate.
20g of P-thrite.
3.5g of Nitro GK.
I remember you now, Boiled.
Time to show you what I can really do.
I dunno what kind of trick that is,
but what difference does it make
that you got a little thinner?
If you want a fight,
you might wanna hurry.
I bet your family's in a pinch too
right about now.
I'm not worried about that.
I have people that I can count on now.
So what?
He's so fast…
So this is the real Sakamoto,
the invincible hit man!
But how?
How can he still be so strong
after he quit being a hit man?
You're tough to beat, Boiled.
Like you, I used to use my strength
to hurt people.
But now…
I choose to use my strength
to protect the people I love.
That's…
what makes me strong now, Boiled.
Wow, this view is amazing!
Yeah, it's beautiful.
But not as beautiful as you…
Satoshi?
What was that?
Sakamoto, I gotta give it to you…
You're hard-boiled as hell.
Hey, Shin?
Ms. Aoi?
I thought we were in the haunted house.
How did we get here?
We… must've all gotten worn out!
It was pretty intense in there.
How did your clothes get so dirty?
Well, those zombies were tough, and--
-Tough?
-Oops…
Where's Taro?
I dunno!
I'll go look for him!
Watch your step as you get off, please.
Are you okay? What happened?
-Little lady.
-Yes?
Don't embarrass a guy…
by asking him how he got hurt.
No, I mean…
You're gonna have to pay for damages.
You win, Sakamoto.
I'll back off from you.
But you're still gonna have…
Five pork buns, coming right up!
Not even listening, huh?
That looks good.
Can I have one?
Your leftovers? How lucky of me.
The rest is for my family.
You, a family guy? Who would've thought.
Mr. Sakamoto?!
You're thin! Why? How?
People lose weight when they work out.
But not that much in a single day!
You look just like you used to.
You're so cool!
By the way, what are you gonna do
about that bounty?
Dondenkai will keep trying to kill you.
Well…
Bounty?
What's that about?
Why am I in trouble?
Hana, let's go over there and play.
I want two cotton candies!
What a self-indulgent child!
Such potential for strength.
So?
There's a bounty on my head, and…
hit men have been out to get me.
Like today…
Why on earth would you not tell me
something like that?!
Men are clumsy creatures, miss.
He just wanted you and your kid…
to enjoy the amusement park
without worrying about anything.
That's pretty hard-boiled, I'd say.
And who are you?
The name's Boiled.
I'm a professional hit man.
Would you mind not killing my husband?
Yes, ma'am…
Besides, did you really think
you could hide this?
Well, I just… I didn't want to worry you.
Have you forgotten?
Sakamoto family rule number six.
"Do not hide things from each other"!
I'd rather you go and put it all to rest
than go behind my back!
Now that that's settled,
let's go watch the parade.
That's one hard-boiled wife you've got…
But Mr. Sakamoto, how exactly
are we going to put this to rest?
We have to take down the client
and make them withdraw the bounty.
How reckless.
The bounty's managed by the JAA.
You won't figure out who put out the hit.
I suppose our boss
probably has some contacts in the JAA.
Well then, why don't you ask
your boss from Dondenkai for us?
Why would I do that for you?
I don't know where my boss is, anyway.
What? You're useless.
You're the one asking too much of people!
Anyway… We'll be going now.
See ya, Sakamoto.
Bye guys, send my love to Lu.
Now what?
We still don't know where
the Dondenkai headquarters is.
I might know someone.
What's wrong with you?
Got a tummy ache?
Mr. Sakamoto
regained all his weight in a day.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not surprised, seeing how he eats.
This is it.
Huh?
VIDEO RENTALS
ORDER VIDEOS NOT IN STOCK
Let's see…
A, B, C, D…
Here it is.
Yikes. Looks like a B-movie.
Mr. Sakamoto. What is this place, anyway?
They sell information.
All information is sold in movie form.
Why bother making them into movies?
Come, the screening room's over here.
Dondenkai is a hit man organization
with over 50 members.
Their story begins with one hit man.
That's a nice building.
Let's make this our headquarters.
-Agreed!
-So that's their headquarters.
Don't you die on me!
Keep it down, you… dumbass…
That was such a good movie!
Man, what a plot twist.
I thought they were done in that den…
Director Kanaguri did it again.
That'll be 756,000 yen.
-So pricey!
I'll pay by card.
Sure.
You have that kind of money?
I have savings from my bachelor days.
Are you coming back to our world,
Mr. Sakamoto?
I suggest you be cautious.
Someone you used to work with
might be involved.
What do you mean?
I'm afraid that movie's not available yet.
I've told you everything I can.
Yo, I heard you met with Sakamoto.
That true, Nagumo?
What? Sakamoto?
What a blast from the past.
I wonder how he's doing?
Don't play dumb with me.
I'll kill you.
Hyo, don't get into that now.
The gent will be here any minute.
I don't care.
There's something shady about Nagumo!
That's dangerous.
Why don't we save the big knife
for the entrée, okay?
My, my, so testy.
Not our cup of tea, is it, Osaragi?
Mr. Shishiba,
I don't think you want to eat that.
Chef?
Yes, sir?
What are these blasted onions
doing in my risotto?
Greetings, everyone.
Thank you very much for coming today.
I am Iriya from the JAA.
I must say,
having all members of The Order together
is quite an extraordinary sight.
You mean some members.
Where are the other four?
Well, those three never come,
but Takamura's not here?
That geezer always comes.
Maybe he's busy?
Doubt it. I bet he's forgotten.
He's practically a fossil.
Recently, someone has been going around
butchering hit men in the JAA,
one after another.
The JAA wishes to request your services
to take care of the matter immediately,
in the name of The Order.
This is Dondenkai HQ.
Let's avoid combat as much as possible.
Time for a stealth mission.
Hey, did you hear about Sakamoto?
Yeah. Crazy bounty, right?
I heard that he got Boiled.
Seriously? Not even Boiled could do it?
I won't be pushing my luck.
We're in.
You're taking it off?
Got bored of it.
Where is this "boss" anyway?
Were you not paying attention
to that expensive movie?
The boss's room is on the top floor.
We have to climb up
from the second-floor window.
Like in the movie, remember?
Right, Mr. Sakamoto?
I fell asleep.
This is fun. It's kinda like we're spies.
You idiot, we're not here to play.
HAVING A BLAST
Something's off, Mr. Sakamoto.
I can't hear any enemies on this floor.
What a useless detector.
I can hear you, you know!
This is it.
Hi, Sakamoto.
Nagumo?
You caught me red-handed.
What are you doing here?
Everyone in Dondenkai's upper management,
including the boss…
has been killed by me.
Sorry Sakamoto, but you have to die too.
He's so fast!
Shin!
Just kidding! You should see your faces.
I'm sorry, guys.
I had an errand of my own.
By the time I got here,
they had all been wiped out.
Why didn't you just say so?!
You're such a jerk!
Why are you here?
I guess I'd call it research.
There have been
a lot of hits on hit men recently.
What's so special about that?
Sure, if it were just little quarrels
between hit men,
no one would bat an eye.
But over 100 hit men from organizations
close to the JAA
have been murdered cruelly
in the last few months.
It's obvious they're sending a message
to the JAA.
One hundred hit men?
But that's a quarter
of all professional hit men.
They always leave an X at the scene,
so we've been calling them "X" or "Slur."
We?
The Order has been assigned?
Yep.
The guy with the silver hair
was talking about that too.
What is "The Order"?
A special task unit for the JAA.
The best of the best among hit men.
We report directly to the JAA and take on
hits on particularly dangerous hit men.
We maintain order in the world of hit men.
Sakamoto used to be in The Order, too.
I had no idea.
Anyway, Sakamoto,
you should all be careful of X.
We're not hit men anymore.
They don't have anything to do with us.
That's right.
We've already got our hands full
with the stupid bounty.
I don't know much either, but…
there is one thing I can tell you.
These hits on hit men started
right around the time
Sakamoto's bounty was posted.
LEARN TO DRAW
"When looking with both eyes,
humans unconsciously correct
what they're seeing based on the angle."
"Always take a step back to check
that your drawing is symmetrical."
Indeed.
It may be slightly off-balance.
SAKAMOTO'S
We did all that,
and we're back to square one.
Listen up!
-Where's Sakamoto?
-Another one?
-I'll kill him!
-Getting a lot today.
This one?
No, the one right next to it.
Sakamoto--
We can't keep having
all these hit men dropping in.
Who knew it'd be so hard
to get a bounty called off…
Then again,
bandage and band-aid sales are up,
so I guess it's okay.
That makes it okay?
Here, I have a band-aid for you.
Thank you, little girl…
Your daddy's so strong.
Sakamoto,
if you were neck and neck with Boiled,
you're in for a world of hurt.
It seems those five years
made a bigger dent than you thought.
Since we don't know who the enemy is,
all we can do right now
is become stronger
so we're prepared for any attack.
Right. Make a full recovery.
So fast!
Welcome!
Your items, miss!
What? Ew!
For my training,
I'll drink myself stupid!
Pork bun, please.
Comin' right up!
Lu!
How… did she know?
Hey, mister? Looks like you've got blood
gushing out of your forehead.
Shin, what do we do?
He's thinking bandage. Here!
Shin…
Subtitle translation by: Yuka Kristi